README.md, before:

# goAOP
Wrote by golang, designed for AOP.

## What is goAOP?

`goAOP` is a package for AOP(golang), it designed for use AOP easily.

When `goAOP` executes, it will scan all source code files. If these files contain valid aop id,
then `goAOP` will try to add pre-defined code in origin files.

## What id is a valid AOP id?

A valid AOP id standard is :

1. A word starts with '@'
2. This word can not end with '@'
3. This word is case-sensitive.

So the follow ids are valid:
1. @middleware-a
2. @middleware
3. @MiddleWare-C

also these follow ids are invalid:
1. middleware-a(not starts with '@')
2. @middleware-c@(ends with '@')
3. @(only has a char '@', not has valid word)

Please note that, since AOP id is case-sensitive, so `@middleware-a` not equals with `@Middleware-A`.

## How is goAOP work?

Let's take a demo code. Suppose we have a code snippet like bellow (fully code references unitTest dir):

```golang
package main

// InvokeSecondFunction demo code snippet
// @middleware-b
func InvokeSecondFunction() {}

```

When `goAOP` execute, it scans source code first. It will get a ast struct of source code. Second, goAOP try 
to parser all decls(decls is a slice contains all declare variable), typically, the comment also is a decl. So
goAOP will get all comments of `InvokeSecondFunction`。

Third, goAOP check whether it( comment of `InvokeSecondFunction`) has valid AOP id. If it finds valid AOP id, then try to 
match aop params from configure file. We suppose there has params of '@middleware-b' in configure file like bellow:

```toml
[[middleware]]
    id="@middleware-b"
    funcStmt=["""func(){
                    log.Println("middleware-b install")
                }()
            """]
    deferStmt=["""defer func(){
                    log.Println("middleware-b install")
                }()
            """]
    [[middleware.package]]
        name = "log"
        path = """ "github.com/sirupsen/logrus" """
```
Forth, goAOP will add `funcStmt` , `deferStmt` in function body by order. 

At last, goAOP also will add package in the head of origin file.

So we can get the last code like that:

```golang
package main

import log "github.com/sirupsen/logrus"

// InvokeSecondFunction demo code snippet
// @middleware-b
func InvokeSecondFunction() {
	func(){
		log.Println("middleware-b install")
	}()

	defer func(){
		log.Println("middleware-b install")
	}()
}
```

If you choose replace origin file, goAOP will cover origin file.

## How to build goAOP binary?

In this package, there has a sdk package and a main package. If you want to use goAOP directly, then you can build cli dir. 

Execute the follow command:

```shell
go build -o bin/aop cli/*
```

You will get an execute file like follow:

```golang
Usage of ./bin/aop:
  -config string
    	The runtime config, default is aop.toml (default "aop.toml")
  -debug
    	Enable / Disable debug output
  -dir string
    	The source code file dir path
  -replace
    	Replace source code file or not, default is true (default true)
```

`goAOP` also supply a configure file , named aop.toml, in example dir. 

## How to use goAOP sdk?

`aops` is sdk dir, developer can invoke sdk in there's code. Since hard to understand go parser package, so developer can reference sdk usage from unit test code in aops dir.

Commit message:

#### [Supply docs]: Optimize some tips 1. Remove duplicate parameter usage in help. 2. Add execute command.

README.md, after:

# goAOP
Wrote by golang, designed for AOP.

## What is goAOP?

`goAOP` is a package for AOP(golang), it designed for use AOP easily.

When `goAOP` executes, it will scan all source code files. If these files contain valid aop id,
then `goAOP` will try to add pre-defined code in origin files.

## What id is a valid AOP id?

A valid AOP id standard is :

1. A word starts with '@'
2. This word can not end with '@'
3. This word is case-sensitive.

So the follow ids are valid:
1. @middleware-a
2. @middleware
3. @MiddleWare-C

also these follow ids are invalid:
1. middleware-a(not starts with '@')
2. @middleware-c@(ends with '@')
3. @(only has a char '@', not has valid word)

Please note that, since AOP id is case-sensitive, so `@middleware-a` not equals with `@Middleware-A`.

## How is goAOP work?

Let's take a demo code. Suppose we have a code snippet like bellow (fully code references unitTest dir):

```golang
package main

// InvokeSecondFunction demo code snippet
// @middleware-b
func InvokeSecondFunction() {}

```

When `goAOP` execute, it scans source code first. It will get a ast struct of source code. Second, goAOP try 
to parser all decls(decls is a slice contains all declare variable), typically, the comment also is a decl. So
goAOP will get all comments of `InvokeSecondFunction`。

Third, goAOP check whether it( comment of `InvokeSecondFunction`) has valid AOP id. If it finds valid AOP id, then try to 
match aop params from configure file. We suppose there has params of '@middleware-b' in configure file like bellow:

```toml
[[middleware]]
    id="@middleware-b"
    funcStmt=["""func(){
                    log.Println("middleware-b install")
                }()
            """]
    deferStmt=["""defer func(){
                    log.Println("middleware-b install")
                }()
            """]
    [[middleware.package]]
        name = "log"
        path = """ "github.com/sirupsen/logrus" """
```
Forth, goAOP will add `funcStmt` , `deferStmt` in function body by order. 

At last, goAOP also will add package in the head of origin file.

So we can get the last code like that:

```golang
package main

import log "github.com/sirupsen/logrus"

// InvokeSecondFunction demo code snippet
// @middleware-b
func InvokeSecondFunction() {
	func(){
		log.Println("middleware-b install")
	}()

	defer func(){
		log.Println("middleware-b install")
	}()
}
```

If you choose replace origin file, goAOP will cover origin file.

## How to build goAOP binary?

In this package, there has a sdk package and a main package. If you want to use goAOP directly, then you can build cli dir. 

Execute the follow command:

```shell
go build -o bin/aop cli/*
```

You will get an execute file like follow:

```golang
Usage of ./bin/aop:
  -config string
    	The runtime config, default is aop.toml (default "aop.toml")
  -debug
    	Enable / Disable debug output
  -dir string
    	The source code file dir path
  -replace
    	Replace source code file or not, default is true (default true)
```

Then execute `./bin/aop -config example/aop.toml -dir ./unitTests`, you will see the effective.

`goAOP` also supply a configure file , named aop.toml, in example dir. 

## How to use goAOP sdk?

`aops` is sdk dir, developer can invoke sdk in there's code. Since hard to understand go parser package, so developer can reference sdk usage from unit test code in aops dir.
